### Validated References: 
[1] Muñoz-Hernández, Hugo, Pal, Mohinder, Rodríguez, Carlos F, Fernandez-Leiro, Rafael, Prodromou, Chrisostomos, Pearl, Laurence H, Llorca, Oscar. "Structural mechanism for regulation of the AAA-ATPases RUVBL1-RUVBL2 in the R2TP co-chaperone revealed by cryo-EM." Science advances, 2019, pp. eaaw1616.
[2] Muñoz-Hernández, Hugo, Pal, Mohinder, Rodríguez, Carlos F, Prodromou, Chrisostomos, Pearl, Laurence H, Llorca, Oscar. "Advances on the Structure of the R2TP/Prefoldin-like Complex." Advances in experimental medicine and biology, 2018, pp. 73-83.
[3] Lone, Moien, Shadang, Mahaiwon, Akhter, Qulsum, Kumar, Mithilesh, Mallick, Saumyaranjan, Gogia, Ajay, Nilima, Nilima, Chauhan, Shyam S, Mir, Riyaz A. "The Expression of the RUVBL1 Component of the R2TP Complex Correlates with Poor Prognosis in DLBCL." Pathobiology : journal of immunopathology, molecular and cellular biology, 2022, pp. 146-156.
[4] Muñoz-Hernández, Hugo, Pal, Mohinder, Rodríguez, Carlos F, Prodromou, Chrisostomos, Pearl, Laurence H, Llorca, Oscar. "Advances on the Structure of the R2TP/Prefoldin-like Complex." Advances in experimental medicine and biology, 2018, pp. 73-83.
[5] Lone, Moien, Shadang, Mahaiwon, Akhter, Qulsum, Kumar, Mithilesh, Mallick, Saumyaranjan, Gogia, Ajay, Nilima, Nilima, Chauhan, Shyam S, Mir, Riyaz A. "The Expression of the RUVBL1 Component of the R2TP Complex Correlates with Poor Prognosis in DLBCL." Pathobiology : journal of immunopathology, molecular and cellular biology, 2022, pp. 146-156.
[6] Kim, Youngran, Park, Junhyeon, Joo, So Young, Kim, Byung-Gyu, Jo, Aera, Lee, Hyunsook, Cho, Yunje. "Structure of the Human TELO2-TTI1-TTI2 Complex." Journal of molecular biology, 2022, pp. 167370.
