### Validated References: 
[1] Yang, Zongguo, Zhuang, Liping, Szatmary, Peter, Wen, Li, Sun, Hua, Lu, Yunfei, Xu, Qingnian, Chen, Xiaorong. "Upregulation of heat shock proteins (HSPA12A, HSP90B1, HSPA4, HSPA5 and HSPA6) in tumour tissues is associated with poor outcomes from HBV-related early-stage hepatocellular carcinoma." International journal of medical sciences, 2015, pp. 256-63.
[2] Marchan, Jose. "In silico identification of epitopes present in human heat shock proteins (HSPs) overexpressed by tumour cells." Journal of immunological methods, 2019, pp. 34-45.
[3] Kokubu, Daichi, Ooba, Ryousuke, Abe, Yukiko, Ishizaki, Hana, Yoshida, Shigeki, Asano, Atsushi, Kashiwabara, Shin-Ichi, Miyazaki, Hitoshi. "Angelica keiskei (Ashitaba) powder and its functional compound xanthoangelol prevent heat stress-induced impairment in sperm density and quality in mouse testes." The Journal of reproduction and development, 2019, pp. 139-146.
[4] Marchan, Jose. "In silico identification of epitopes present in human heat shock proteins (HSPs) overexpressed by tumour cells." Journal of immunological methods, 2019, pp. 34-45.
[5] Kokubu, Daichi, Ooba, Ryousuke, Abe, Yukiko, Ishizaki, Hana, Yoshida, Shigeki, Asano, Atsushi, Kashiwabara, Shin-Ichi, Miyazaki, Hitoshi. "Angelica keiskei (Ashitaba) powder and its functional compound xanthoangelol prevent heat stress-induced impairment in sperm density and quality in mouse testes." The Journal of reproduction and development, 2019, pp. 139-146.
[6] Justiniano, Rebecca, Williams, Joshua D, Perer, Jessica, Hua, Anh, Lesson, Jessica, Park, Sophia L, Wondrak, Georg T. "The B<sub>6</sub> -vitamer Pyridoxal is a Sensitizer of UVA-induced Genotoxic Stress in Human Primary Keratinocytes and Reconstructed Epidermis." Photochemistry and photobiology, 2017, pp. 990-998.
